Yeah.
So now let's see a different way of solving this problem.
And it can be a little more tricky than the previous solution.
But yes, I want to explain this.
I want you to understand this to date.
Here we have a deep state.
And what will this deep state.
Deep state idea.
Is deep seated will simply mean that what is the maximum value?
Maximum value that can be formed.
From the remaining 80.
Remaining at it.
So from eye of my whatever the eye injury being remaining, we don't have to worry about who's John's
it is right now.
It's John's independent basically ain't what we're worried about the maximum value.
What is the maximum value here.
The maximum value of X minus Y or or who's ever to answer it?
Right.
So I'll explain.
That can be formed from the remaining ETI, that is from A to Z.
I do.
So we saw the Tories trying to maximise x minus.
Right.
Can we see that Jairo is trying to do is trying to maximise this.
The Giro is trying to minimise X minus way.
Modify.
Take a negative view.
What does this mean?
That.
Can I see?
The gyro is trying to maximize by minus six.
I see their diet is also trying to maximize vitamin as if they thought it was trying to maximize X minus
y, basically trying to maximize my minus x because she wants why do we make this possible that we already
saw it.
So both of them are trying to maximize.
Their own score.
And they're trying to minimize the let me have different colors here.
You're trying to maximize their own scores.
And they're trying to minimize the opposite schools.
Okay.
So what are the supposed scores here, guys?
Let's say it's chants, and I'm picking at the E.
Already.
Eight.
But what I want is.
I will ask that.
Okay, give me what is the maximum value that Jairo can make?
If Toro picks up eight, then what is the maximum value that Jairo can make?
It is maybe of I plus one to G.
That's what.
This particular stage means deep 88.
So if Tara is picking up, then Jairo can pick up nearby plus one.
The Giro will I'm asking the maximum the Giro can make from DPA plus one comedy.
And if that was speaking up, e.g. the second option that he has the maximum value the gyro can be obese,
i.e. comma j minus one.
Right.
But what will to do is Doro warns that whatever Giro speaks, he'll try to.
Minimize it.
Okay.
So here we can easily see that they're trying to maximize their own options and trying to minimize the
opposing player's options.
To basically, it means that.
Thoreau.
And do both of them wants to maximize these things.
Eight.
Why?
Because this is what they are picking up.
As I've already explained for Jada's case, an A.I. for Tara's case and AJ here are x rayed, and they're
asking that what is the maximum value that other player can make?
What is the maximum value that other player can make?
And simply, they're trying to maximise these values at establishing to make some of the X minus Y and
de-risking to maximise by minus x and four or both of them goes for both of them.
Because right now what I'm saying is that it depends independent of the player.
If both of them are trying to maximise their own values and trying to minimise the products values and
what are the positive values that we get this what are the opposite player's values?
Reward opponents values this they're trying to maximise their own values which is Ian.
So whatever the maximum getting from both these options, that is what both the players will retain
because generally saying to maximise by minus x and that is trying to maximise x minus four eight.
So basically I've taken maximum on both the places instead of taking maximum in one place and minimum
at second place like I used above in the previous solution.
Well.
So both of them are trying to maximize their values and trying to minimize the opposite values.
So let me see if this one's.
AQ This was the first solution that we made.
And now we have the second solution that will.
Okay.
So.
Yeah.
Let's start from the basic.
A eight.
Good.
So let's call it quickly.
Here.
What?
We have 3008.
Let's take DNA.
And and also we need.
Yeah.
We'll do that later.
Memorization.
I.
What should be the final answer here?
The.
What is the maximum value that can be made from dividing if that is starting rate?
So see out repeat zero doing minus one normal.
Look at this.
Is that it?
Give me the maximum possible answer possible.
And of course we know from zero two and minus one it will be through Jan 28.
So this is the mean.
But again, let me finally repeat it.
Both of them are trying to maximize their own scores and trying to minimize up with the scores.
So that's what we are doing here.
Taking this course when you might, taking negative of whatever the opposite is giving me.
Look, this is their school and thinking negative of whatever they are.
The opposite is giving me why I'm taking negative because BP returns me the maximum value possible of
whatever the opponent is playing right that he will say, okay, this is the maximum value possible.
If I'm going to play whatever the maximum is possible, just subtracted from my current score and it
ended back eight.
Bye bye bye subjected because give us a break something maximal will become minimum eight from from
both of these whatever the best possible answer is there so I think Max of didn't make it so yeah.
And if I do, gee, this is a different way of looking at this problem.
Okay, so let's do it then.
Okay, so here we have two options right there.
Two options a A-minus minus DP I plus one D.
Or the second option is e.g. minus dp i comma j minus one.
From both these values, race, whatever the max I'm getting.
And than it.
Good.
And let's make the best case for why this would be the case.
If I was 2G, then I can now simply Daniel because now is independent of whoever is playing it.
But I.
Well.
It's been this.
So I'm getting my 18.
That's correct.
It's sick for this.
What I'm getting.
I'm getting them.
That's also correct.
Well, this the smallest possible solution for this.
But I hope you're getting this advice.
Why is this even working?
Because both of them are trying to maximize it.
So.
It is deep zero two and minus one ordered bdb12, n minus one.
Who's ever challenges.
They're trying to maximize their own scores and trying to minimize double digit scores and from what
the ways they take maximum and simply return it.
So let me quickly.
My music.
And the next thing is they that I want you to solve a good problem.
A famous problem, which is called.
One problem.
Eight So I want you to solve the wine problem yourself.
W any wine?
It's a very famous dining programming problem.
And.
It's also very common in interviews.
Main problem and totally based on this particular logic that we are quoting here.
Who else didn't answer?
Okay, let's build the memo table.
The memo, it goes to -2018.
Okay.
So I hope you are this very easy.
Not not much to do with the options.
Maximize yours.
Whose evidence it is because we saw it at a particular in a particular severity.
There cannot be duplications.
It can only be one those playing it.
Eight.
Well, it.
I just wasted.
I don't get a time limit.
That means a man wizard crew.
So what is the total complexity of this?
How many suits are possible?
I graduate students.
Of course I can not be greater than J, but big of notation.
It's kind of N squared only.
Okay.
So we have got it correct.
And.
Grade eight.
I hope you understood delegates.
I hope you understood.
How can a problem be solved by using two different dynamic programming solutions and approaches?
This solution is completely different from the previous solution in which you were trying to maximize
your interest playing and minimize injuries playing because we saw it always maximizing injuries, minimizing
by.
So there the common part was x a this was the common part in the previous solution to this problem.
If were doing everything on the visual effects.
But right now we are doing everything on the basis of max.
If both of them are trying to maximize.
And what are they doing to maximize?
They're on school and trying to minimize the the school aid.
Thank you.
Soon.
The next part.